.\" This manual is Copyright 2012 by pi-rho <ubuntu@tyr.cx>
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This package is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General
.\" Public License version 3 can be found in "/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3".
.
.Dd March 3, 2012
.Dt PMERGE 1
.Os "network reverse engineering tools"
.Sh NAME
.Nm pmerge
.Nd merge multiple PCAP files in timeline order
.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm pmerge
.Op Fl h | Fl v
.Nm pmerge
.Op Fl o Ar Pa output.pcap
.Pa input.pcap
.Op Ar
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The basic concept for this utility is to merge multiple PCAP files while
maintaining timeline order.
.
.Sh USAGE
As a filter
.D1 Nm pmerge Pa one.pcap Pa two.pcap Li > Pa merged.pcap
.Pp
In simple command form
.D1 Nm pmerge Fl o Pa merged.pcap Pa one.pcap Pa two.pcap
.
.Sh OPTIONS
A summary of the options supported by
.Nm pmerge
is included below.
.
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl h
usage information
.It Fl v
the program's version
.It Fl o Ar output.pcap
sets the output filename to
.Pa output.pcap .
If this option flag is not specified,
.Ev stdout
is used to output the merged PCAP
.It Pa input.pcap
At least one input file argument is required.
.It Ar
additional input files may be specified
.El
.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr p4split 1 ,
.Xr puniq 1
.
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Zephyr Aq Ad zephyr@dirtbags.net ,
.An pi-rho Aq Ad pi-rho@tyr.cx
