.\" This manual is Copyright 2012 by pi-rho <ubuntu@tyr.cx>
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This package is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General
.\" Public License version 3 can be found in "/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3".
.
.Dd March 3, 2012
.Dt XOR 1
.Os "network reverse engineering tools"
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm xor
.Nd apply mask bytes to a stream using XOR
.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm xor
.Op Fl h | Fl v
.Nm xor
.Op Fl x
.Ar MASKBYTE
.Op Ar MASKBYTES ...
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The basic concept for this utility is to apply a set of mask bytes, repeatedly,
to a stream of input. The application of the mask bytes is accomplished using
the bitwise XOR operation.
.
.Sh USAGE
As a filter with the hexadecimal mask bytes
.Bq 20 , 2f
applied to the input stream (i.e.
.Bq 20 , 2f , 20 , 2f , ...  Ns )
.D1 ... | Nm xor Fl x Ar 20 Ar 2f | Li ...
.
.Sh OPTIONS
A summary of the options supported by
.Nm xor
is included below.
.
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl h
usage information
.It Fl v
the program's version
.It Fl x
explicity interpret mask bytes as hexadecimal digits
.It Ar MASKBYTE Op Ar MASKBYTES ...
a list of mask bytes to apply to the input stream
.El
.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr hdng 1 ,
.Xr unhex 1
.
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Zephyr Aq Ad zephyr@dirtbags.net ,
.An pi-rho Aq Ad pi-rho@tyr.cx
